feat(helm): add keda autoscaling and fix dashboards (#4687)
grafana/mimir: operations/helm/charts/mimir-distributed/CHANGELOG.md

* [CHANGE] Changed max unavailable ingesters and store-gateways in a zone to 50. #5327
* [CHANGE] Don't render PodSecurityPolicy on Kubernetes >=1.24. (was >= 1.25). This helps with upgrades between 1.24 and 1.25. To use a PSP in 1.24, toggle `rbac.forcePSPOnKubernetes124: true`. #5357

> [FEATURE] Allow for deploying keda autoscaling objects as part of the helm chart. #4687

Reviewer: can you prepend this with a bullet `*`?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* [FEATURE] Added experimental feature for deploying keda autoscaling objects as part of the helm chart for the components: distributor, querier, query-frontend and ruler. Requires metamonitoring, for more details on metamonitoring see the Helm chart documentation.  #4687
```

Reviewer 2: We should also mention the limitation that currently only URL embedded basic auth method is supported and we might add further Keda auth methods later, see https://keda.sh/docs/2.11/scalers/prometheus/
